Dear Business person ; This letter was specially selected 
to be sent to you . If you no longer wish to receive 
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" 
and you will immediately be removed from our club . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2516 , Title 6 , Section 301 . THIS IS NOT A GET RICH 
SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else when you can become 
rich inside 47 weeks ! Have you ever noticed how long 
the line-ups are at bank machines and nearly every 
commercial on television has a .com on in it ! Well, 
now is your chance to capitalize on this ! We will 
help you deliver goods right to the customer's doorstep 
and increase customer response by 170% ! The best thing 
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free 
for you . But don't believe us . Prof Simpson who resides 
in Maryland tried us and says "I was skeptical but 
it worked for me" ! We are licensed to operate in all 
states ! We IMPLORE you - act now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 30% . God Bless ! Dear 
Cybercitizen ; You made the right decision when you 
signed up for our mailing list . If you are not interested 
in our publications and wish to be removed from our 
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail . 
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 
2116 , Title 9 , Section 301 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich as few as 97 months . Have you 
ever noticed people love convenience plus society seems 
to be moving faster and faster ! Well, now is your 
chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU deliver 
goods right to the customer's doorstep & turn your 
business into an E-BUSINESS . The best thing about 
our system is that it is absolutely risk free for you 
! But don't believe us . Ms Anderson of Hawaii tried 
us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for me" 
! We are licensed to operate in all states ! We BESEECH 
you - act now ! Sign up a friend and you get half off 
! God Bless . 